Moves <TextHighlight /> component to @wordpress/components package (#18609)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/text-highlight/README.md

# TextHighlight

Highlights occurances of a given string within another string of text. Wraps each match with a [`<mark>` tag](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/mark) which provides browser default styling.

## Usage

Pass in the `text` and the `highlight` string to be matched against. 

In the example below, the string `Gutenberg` would be highlighted twice. 

```jsx
import { TextHighlight } from '@wordpress/components';

const MyTextHighlight = () => (
	<TextHighlight

> 		text={ 'Why do we like Gutenberg? Because Gutenberg is the best!' }

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
		text="Why do we like Gutenberg? Because Gutenberg is the best!"
```

> 		highlight={ 'Gutenberg' }

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
		highlight="Gutenberg"
```
